Dad, can you ride an electric bike?
Yueyue has never ridden an electric car
Of course it will.
After a while, Dad will take Yueyue to ride a bicycle to feel the experience
So hot so hot
Wang Xin, let's go buy a car.
What to buy a car
Yeah, we should get our own car now, too.
It's convenient to go out
In the future, I will not be afraid of freezing after school
But don't but
I still have the money for a car
I haven't been around these years.
I'm really wronged by you.
It seems he does want to make up for us.
I want to buy a scooter with tens of thousands of dollars.
It's still possible.
Well, let's go by bike now.
Mom and Dad, are we going to buy a car?
Yes, Yueyue is not happy
Car oops
Hey hello, we want to see the car
Just watch
Here comes a poor man
Who are you free to entertain?
How do you speak?